Stepper: describe API (#7166)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxStepper/1 Configuration/activeStateEnabled.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Specifies whether Stepper changes its visual state as a result of user interaction.

Reviewer: At first, I totally missed the difference between "visual state" and "active state". I thought that the topic was talking about the same "states". But apparently a change in "active state" doesn't necessarily lead to a change in "visual state". It's kind of hard to follow when it's expressed in those terms. I would say something simple, like "appearance", for clarity. 

```suggestion
Specifies whether Stepper changes its appearance when in active state (an end user interacts with it).
```

> Specifies whether Stepper changes its appearance when in active state (an end user interacts with it).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Specifies whether Stepper changes its appearance when in the active state (when an end user interacts with it).
```

---

> Use this property on platforms that require active state change for UI components. On such platforms, a component switches to the active state when a user presses down the primary mouse button. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use this property on platforms that require active state change for UI components. On such platforms, a component switches to the active state when a user presses the primary mouse button.
```

> Use this property on platforms that require the active state change for UI components.

Reviewer: In this sentence, "active state change" is not a specific/single occurrence. You describe a general rule that all components must follow. So I would use the article: "the change" -> "change".

The sentence about the mouse button: 

- Should we mention keyboard or touch interaction? 
- I changed "users" to "a user", because the sentence starts with a singular "component". I don't want to have one component and multiple users. 

I'm also moving the last sentence to the beginning. I think it's best if we tell people right away that they don't need to care about this on some platforms. 

```suggestion
Use this property on platforms that require active state change for UI components. On such platforms, a component switches to the active state when a user presses down the primary mouse button. 

If the `activeStateEnabled` property is set to `true`, CSS rules for the active state apply. You can change these rules to customize the component.
```
